[Music]
[Applause]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you a University night
routine this is somehow the only night
routine I have filmed since starting a
texture which I knows bad because I get
so many requests to do it but I'm doing
it today and it's a special night
routine as well because it is a night
before an exam routine this video is
also very very kindly sponsored by
Exeter University which is so exciting
because if you've been watching my
videos then you will know that I am
studying at X University at the moment
and so I'm so excited to be working with
the University on this video
so on the night before an exam I will
usually finish work at around 5:30 so
that I have time for a proper night
routine where I can relax and get ready
for tomorrow so the first thing I will
do is just write a little plan to-do
list of the things that I want to do
tomorrow for revision and then I just do
a tiny bit of editing before checking my
timetable so tomorrow's exams were
actually my first exams so I wanted to
write all of the locations up on this
post-it note and put on my planner
saying that I would always have it with
me and then I just tidied up my desk
space then I decided to do the washing
up and I will listen to classical music
whilst I do this I pretty much just have
classical music as background for the
whole of this night routine just because
it helps to keep me relaxed and gets me
in a really good state of mind ready for
tomorrow
[Music]
then next it's time to get started with
cooking which is actually one of my
favorite things that I found since
joining accessory study University I'm
staying in a studio flat in halls this
year and I really love having the
kitchen after my bedroom and being able
to cook my own meals because I sometimes
did it at home but I didn't do it very
often and today I was making one of my
favorite dishes which is really simple
it's just a tofu scramble so you add
some silken tofu tumeric nutritional
yeast and also some tahini I like to add
I also cook some broccoli advanced girl
with it I decided to start this with a
bread roll
[Music]
and whilst it was cooking I just went
and did some YouTube admin because I had
quite a lot of things to do
[Music]
then I sat down to eat Danish today was
absolutely delicious I like to cook one
of my favorite things the night before
an exam because it's a real treat and I
also kept a notebook on my dad I needed
to think of some ideas for something
exciting coming up it was really easy
for me to just jot down things so I got
the tasks done over dinner
[Music]
then I immediately cleaned up and went
and washed up all of my plates and
dishes and I also posted study with me
in focus I'm posting daily study with me
at the moment then I will do my last
check of emails and I might also check
social media here but this is the last
time I'm gonna go on social media this
evening it can be really distracting
before bed and especially the night
before an exam we've really want to make
sure that you're well rested so then I
went and got everything ready that I
would need for my exams tomorrow so that
includes having your exam pencil case
you need your student ID as well so have
my exosuit ID and they got that ready
and I also filled up a water bottle as
with the GCSE and a-level exams at
university you cannot have labels on the
water bottle
then I close my curtains and today was
it was a really beautiful day Ali / it
was a really cloudy in the evening and
as you can see still got the classical
music going strong
[Music]
then I chose my outfit for tomorrow I
really like to make things as
streamlined as possible for the next day
because I don't want to have any added
distractions in the morning I just want
to have a really calm exam morning then
I went and took down my hair because I
was going to wash it and I had a shower
next I just brushed out my hair I don't
always do this if I'm completely honest
I probably only do this maybe once or
twice a week but I did brush out my hair
today
then of course you've got to brush your
teeth
[Music]
because it's me I was obviously reading
as I was brushing my teeth and at the
moment I'm reading this book called
Walden which is an American classic and
so far one of the best classics I've
ever read I would do that much revision
the night before an exam especially
after 5:00 when I finished my main
revision today but I do like to read
through essays in the evening after my
shower I just find it's really helpful
just to refresh and jog my memory it's
very passive revision but it reminds me
that I do know I do know this stuff and
it gives me a confidence boost then I
will set my alarm and I get really
anxious that I'm gonna sleep through it
even though I literally never do so I
end up setting so many all the way to 9
o'clock which is just silly so then I
will get out my exercise mat and I just
like to do some gentle stretching
because I find this quite meditative and
it helps to calm me down I really enjoy
the process of stretching
[Music]
and I also like to use this lavender eye
mask put over your eyes and it's really
relaxing then I will tidy up my room and
get myself a bottle of water of course
it's important to get yourself some tea
and whilst that brews I like to maybe
drink half the water bottle and then
fill that back up today I was having
this bedtime tea from Sainsbury's every
night without fail I will spray my white
lavender the white company pillow mist
it really helps get me to sleep and it's
really relaxing and I recently got these
rollerball essential oils from the white
company and the relaxed one is the same
scent as the pillow mist so for ultimate
relaxation on the night before an exam I
will always put this on my wrists
[Music]
and then I will get into bed and I will
turn on my little polar bear light and I
will read I will probably read until
about 10:30 and then I will turn off the
light and I'm going to sleep so thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope that you enjoyed it and I hope that
if you are an exam season yourself at
the moment that this was somehow useful
in forming your own routine I want to
say another huge huge thank you to xt
university of a sponsoring this video as
I said I am a student at Exeter and I'm
loving my time here I was nervous to go
to university as I know so many people
are but I just feel so at home at Exeter
everyone so lovely it's a really
pleasant community and especially
because even though it's a city it's a
small city and there is lots of greenery
so it feels kind of like home still so
since starting here I've had so many
people messaging me telling me that
they're thinking about going to Exeter
that they're going to come next year and
if you are thinking about going to
Exeter there are actually two open days
at the end of mate there's one on the
31st of May which is a Friday and then
one on the 1st of June which is a
Saturday so if you're thinking about
going to Exeter and you want to learn a
little bit more about the University
then I definitely recommend trying to
find the time to come because from
personal experience I can tell you that
University every day is are so so so
important and even if you're not
entirely sure if you'd like to go to a
particular University it's really good
to keep your options open and look at as
many as you can because you might just
go into one of the introductory lectures
and think where this department is the
one that I want to be a part of so if
you are interested in learning a bit
more about Exeter and I definitely
recommend going to the open days on the
Friday and Saturday yes so another huge
thank-you Daxter for sponsoring this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and I
hope that you have a
productively
[Music]